[Teams] Device settings (#1919)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/cloudflare-one/src/content/connections/connect-devices/warp/deployment/mdm-deployment/intune.md

---
order: 1
hidden: true
---

# Intune

## Windows

> 1. Login to your Microsoft Intune account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to your Microsoft Intune account.
```

1. Navigate to **Apps** > **All Apps**.
1. Click **+Add**.

> 1. As **App type**, select *Line-of-business app* from the drop-down menu.

Reviewer: I'd rather use `In **App type**` instead of starting the sentence with "As".

1. Click **Select**.

> 1. Click **Select app package file** and upload the ```Cloudflare_WARP_Release-x64.msi``` installer you downloaded previously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Select app package file** and upload the `Cloudflare_WARP_Release-x64.msi` installer you downloaded previously.
```

1. Click **OK**.
1. In the **Name** field, we recommend entering the version number of the package being uploaded.
1. In the **Publisher** field, we recommend entering `Cloudflare, Inc`.

> 1. In the **Command-line arguments** field enter a valid set of command line arguments as describe above

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the **Command-line arguments** field, enter a valid set of command-line arguments as described above.
```

    - Example: `/quiet ORGANIZATION="exampleorg" SERVICE_MODE="warp" GATEWAY_UNIQUE_ID="fmxk762nrj" SUPPORT_URL="http://support.example.com"`

> 1. You don't need to fill other optional fields. Once you've entered all the necessary values, click **Next**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. You do not need to fill other optional fields. Once you have entered all the necessary values, click **Next**. 
```

1. Add the users or groups who require Cloudflare WARP.
1. Click **Next**.
1. Review your configuration.
1. Click **Create**.

> Intune is now configured to deploy the WARP client.

Reviewer: Nit: Not sure if this sentence is necessary (you already completed all the steps). Up for team discussion, probably.

Author: Let's talk about this! I think every how-to deserves a "closing" sentence to reassure the user the procedure is done and the result has been achieved. But up for discussing the how and when to do that!

## iOS

The WARP client, known in the App Store as [1.1.1.1: Faster Internet](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/1-1-1-1-faster-internet/id1423538627), allows for an automated install via Intune.

To proceed with the installation, here is an example of the XML code you will need, with the accepted arguments: 

```xml
<dict>
    <key>organization</key>
    <string>yourorganization</string>
    <key>auto_connect</key> 
    <integer>1</integer>
    <key>switch_locked</key> 
    <false />
    <key>service_mode</key>
    <string>warp</string>
    <key>support_url</key>
    <string>https://support.example.com</string>
</dict>
```

> For a description of each argument and what it means, see [deployment parameters](/connections/connect-devices/warp/deployment/parameters).

Reviewer: Add an empty line after the closing `` ``` ``.

Reviewer: Also, consider using "refer to" instead of "see".

## Android

The WARP client, known in the Google Play store as [1.1.1.1: Faster & Safer Internet](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cloudflare.onedotonedotonedotone&hl=en&gl=US), allows for an automated install via Intune.

> Accepted configuration values are as follows:

Reviewer: Nit: Should we use the same sentence as before?
> To proceed with the installation, here is an example of the XML code you will need, with the accepted arguments:

```xml
<key>organization</key>
<string>yourorganization</string>
<key>enable</key>
<true />
<key>gateway_unique_id</key>
<string>your_gateway_doh_subdomain</string>
<key>service_mode</key>
<string>warp</string>
<key>support_url</key>
<string>https://support.example.com</string>
```

> See the [deployment parameters](/connections/connect-devices/warp/deployment/parameters) for a description of each value.

Reviewer: Same comments (leave empty line, consider using "refer to").

## MacOS

> The Cloudflare WARP client allows for an automated install via tools like Jamf, Intune, Kandji, or JumpCloud or any script or management tool that can place a `com.cloudflare.warp.plist` file in `/Library/Managed Preferences` on a supported macOS device. Additionally this plist can be wrapped in a `.mobileconfig`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Cloudflare WARP client allows for an automated install via tools like Jamf, Intune, Kandji, or JumpCloud or any script or management tool that can place a `com.cloudflare.warp.plist` file in `/Library/Managed Preferences` on a supported macOS device. Additionally, this plist can be wrapped in a `.mobileconfig`.
```

Reviewer: Nit: Not sure if plist is a common word or if it should be monospaced.

Here is an example plist file with the accepted arguments: 

```xml
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd">
<plist version="1.0">

> <dict>

Reviewer: All this content between `<plist ... >` and `</plist>` should probably also be indented.

    <key>organization</key>
    <string>yourorganization</string>
    <key>auto_connect</key> 
    <integer>1</integer>
    <key>switch_locked</key> 
    <false />
    <key>service_mode</key>
    <string>warp</string>
    <key>support_url</key>
    <string>https://support.example.com</string>
</dict>
</plist>
```

Here is an example `.mobileconfig` file with the accepted arguments:

> ```xml

Reviewer: Empty line here.

<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd">
<plist version="1.0">

> <dict>

Reviewer: Same comment about indentation. To save space, I usually indent with 2 spaces.

            <dict>
                <key>com.cloudflare.warp</key>
                <dict>
                    <key>Forced</key>
                    <array>
                        <dict>
                            <key>mcx_preference_settings</key>
                            <dict>
                                <key>organization</key>
                                <string>yourorganization</string>
                                <key>auto_connect</key> 
                                <integer>1</integer>
                                <key>switch_locked</key> 
                                <false />
                                <key>service_mode</key>
                                <string>warp</string>
                                <key>support_url</key>
                                <string>https://support.example.com</string>
                            </dict>
                        </dict>
                    </array>
                </dict>
            </dict>
        </dict>
    </array>
</dict>
</plist>

```

For a description of each argument and what it means, see [deployment parameters](/connections/connect-devices/warp/deployment/parameters).

> [Click here](../../../../static/documentation/connections/com.cloudflare.warp.plist) to download this example plist. If you manually plan to download the plist file and place it in `/Library/Managed Preferences`, convert the plist into into binary format first. To do that:

Reviewer: I'd include the "download" word in the link text. Something like:
```
You can [download this example plist](../../../../static/documentation/connections/com.cloudflare.warp.plist).
```
Can you also double-check the link? You may be missing yet another `../`.

Reviewer: Also, "manually plan" doesn't sound right... Consider using something like the following: 
```
If you plan to download the plist file and manually place it in ...
```

Reviewer: Remove the duplicate word `into into`.

1. Open a Terminal window.
2. Run the following command:

 ```
 % plutil -convert binary1 com.cloudflare.warp.plist
 ```

> [Click here](../../../../static/documentation/connections/CloudflareWARP.mobileconfig) to download this example `.mobileconfig`. Before doing so, you may need to run `uuidgen` from your macOS terminal. This will generate a value for `PayloadUUID`, which you can use to replace the default value used for `PayloadUUID` in the example above.

Reviewer: Same comments (include the "download" word somewhere in the link text, double-check the relative URL for a possible missing `../`).

                        <array>
                            <dict>
                                <key>mcx_preference_settings</key>
                                <dict>
                                    <key>organization</key>
                                    <string>yourorganization</string>
                                    <key>auto_connect</key> 
                                    <integer>1</integer>
                                    <key>switch_locked</key> 
                                    <false />
                                    <key>service_mode</key>
                                    <string>warp</string>
                                    <key>support_url</key>
                                    <string>https://support.example.com</string>
                                </dict>
                            </dict>
                        </array>
                    </dict>
                </dict>
            </dict>
        </array>
    </dict>
</plist>
```

For a description of each argument and what it means, see [deployment parameters](/connections/connect-devices/warp/deployment/mdm-deployment/parameters).

> [Click here to download](../../../../../static/documentation/connections/com.cloudflare.warp.plist) this example `plist`. If you plan to download the `plist` file and manually place it in `/Library/Managed Preferences`, convert the `plist` into binary format first. To do that:

Reviewer: These download links are not working locally (for downloading `com.cloudflare.warp.plist` and `CloudflareWARP.mobileconfig`).
